# AI_Blitz_3
My solutions to the AICrowd/ITU AI For Good - AI Blitz #3 https://www.aicrowd.com/challenges/ai-for-good-ai-blitz-3. I'm Benai on AICrowd and I came in 11th place in the overall competition. Details on my solutions in the pdfs in each directory.

This was a fun competition under a tight time constraint&mdash;5 challenges in 21 days. This was doable because each challenge was fairly straightforward even though they spanned a number of different domains in ML: image classificiation, NLP, image segmentation, autonomous driving, and creating a pipleline of different algorithms. I work full time and also moved during this competition so my time to work on this was limited, but even so, and while working alone, I was still able to come up with excellent solutions to each of the challenges. My solution to the autonomous driving challenge in particular was somewhat creative and worked quite well. Although I acheived nearly perfect scores on the NLP (f1=0.997) and the Suodku (97.4 % accuracy) challenges, I simply didn't have time to quash the remaining errors and achieve perfect scores tieing me with the handful of teams who did.

The Jupyter notebooks in this repository include all of my work on this competition&mdash;from developing models to making predictions to boosting different models together. I'm a fairly copious commenter and I additionally have detailed notes so if you have any questions I should be able to help, just write me. These notebooks were mostly run on Google Colab, thought some were run on my own (not at all fancy) laptop and a few were run on Paperspace Gradient. I've also included a pdf printout of my final thoughts (called Competition Overview and Postmortem) page from OneNote in each directory which should give a lot of detail about my approach and how things went.
